---
layout: post
title: Some Books that I have read
---

# Introduction

Over the years, I have read some books, mostly in philosophy, but also a few in fiction. What follows is a catalogue of some of the books that I have read, a few of which I really enjoyed.

## Force and Freedom (Arthur Ripstein)

A seminal work on Kantian political philosophy. I enjoyed the elegance of the political philosophy presented in *Force and Freedom*. 
All the aspects of the state that were presented seem to fit together nicely, and were justified by a robust conception of what
it means for humans to be free. As far as philosophy texts go, this one is pretty well written, and you should have no trouble
following along if you have prior familiarity with Kant.

## Nietzsche on Morality (Brian Leiter)

This differs quite substantially from some other accounts of Nietzsche's thought (particularly those of the
far-left and of the far-right). Nevertheless, this book was a pleasure to read. Coming from fields that pride themselves
on rigorous, formal justifications, I was not persuaded of the merits of Nietzsche's ethics, much of which were justified
via philology than reasoned argument. 

## Sources of Normativity (Christine Korsgaard)

Wonderful book. A great, persuasive introduction to a non-consequentialist ethics by one of the leading ethicists of our time.

## Self-Constitution (Christine Korsgaard)

I enjoyed this book a bit less than the *Sources of Normativity*. There are some great remarks on the nature of human action,
and how a Kantian ethics can be squared with a constitutive view of ethics. Some parts of the book felt like they derived
much of their justification from being based on Plato/Aristotle, rather than any sort of rational argument for their correctness.
*Self-Constitution* is still a great book, that I'd recommend reading if you are interested in Kantian ethics or in action theory. 

## Starship Troopers

Finished in two days instead of working on my college applications. Don't expect a particularly fascinating story
or rich sci-fi description. Read if you enjoy listening to long monologues.

## Enjoying what we don't have (Todd McGowan)

TODO

## Savage Ecology (Jairius Grove)

TODO

## One of Zizek's intro books on Lacan idr

TODO

